- I wasn't developing new skills (I was even denied to help other teams when I tried doing something different that I like and which I have passion)
- Mandatory going to the office. For me 3 days is too much.
- GPAS: People is scared of making changes to solve issues in the system because they may be chased by hire management/client so people only try improving or fixing things when it is REALLY URGENT and client is really chasing us. Otherwise, you are always ignored. Most of our work is due to bad settings in the system and when you try to raise it with other teams.... Almost nobody tries to help you. If People helps you with these changes, Blackrock would need less people in CPD.  Also it seems that if you are not Asocciate or VP, the changes you are ignored are even in a deeper level.

- Management Culture in CPD:
1. Treat us like we are secretaries. They ask us for things they can check by themselves but they are lazy. And they never pay attention so they ask the same questions many times which make us feel like we are not value. My line Manager weirdly say thank you and in general he treat us like we are dumb minions.
2. They are everytime implementing update to make our work more difficult but trackable. There is no trust in the analysts, therefore there is a lot of micromanagement. But I think thes lack of trust. 
3.They never admit they don't know something or to ask for help. And when they dear to ask to more seniors, they try to gastlight everything in meetings and via chat they ignore you. in some group chats we can't not admit we don't know because they are treated bad because of that. But also if we  make a mistake, we are treated bad and in front of everyone in meetings or team chats.
4. No clear comunication. Drastic changes from one day to another without letting you know. Even if the impact is negative.
5. You can be veeeery proactive, work overtime, connect with clients privately to solve urgent issues, you even let them bother on your holiday to help them solve issues, you can also have a very strong sense of ownership in your work... but you will be never recognized.. They just take advantage of how good worker you are to give you more work without credit. In general, Our line Manager weirdly say thank you and he talks to us like we are dumb and we are not doing a good job even when we are doing it.
6.India everyone is very selfish and competitive environment, they try to point fingers are you when they can (even the analyst) so you will look kind of bad in front of management eyes and only congratulates the more seniors and all people in general don't like to share their knowledge, only if is completaly necessary. So new joiners have a really good time learning the processes. They also promote people mostly based on the time they have spent in the company and sometimes these people are also rude, have bad comunnication and they don't even have a lot of knowledge sometimes. In team chats and meetings they always congrats India team members and us.... They have an Indian Mafia. also I have seen meetings with SME for certain process who don't know anything... they give trainings and they are teaching nothing... also you can tell they don't know anything by the way the solve issues. Also I have seen associates been here for almost 5 years that basically do nothing do not know much but they have their positions mostly because of the time they have spend here...
7. You cannot request STO. Not in this team. Manager said we need a business justification so he is not approving it.

My advice to Blackrock is: Hire more people in Budapest, promote more people here in Budapest. We should have more Asocciates and VP here. That will change a lot the enviroment.
Hire more people in ACS/ACE and provide them with trainings so they can know how to actually do the settings in the packages.
Promote some comunication courses within GPAS.
High Management,Line Manager and maybe position higher than his, needs urgently a course on how to do management: How to do planning, brainstorming, how to connect with people, how to make people feel comfortable in their work place. Because right now he treat us like shit.
Very pushy, toxic, rude and you can feel people is scared all the time of higher management. And this management style is what other analyst are learning. I see it mostly in India. I think they think that being very pushy and do micromanagement, with everyone is the way to manage. 

If I come back to blackrock one day I would never go back to GPAS. Maybe in another team as Business analyst, Data analyst/Scientist.